Excellent, sir. That'll be $230,000 in total.
Great. You know what? Could you pack them up, send them over to Miss Elisa's residence, please.
Monet, right away, sir.
$230,000.
How am I ever going to pay that off?
I beg your pardon?
I'm sorry for calling you last night, Mr. Croft.
I was just so drunk at it. It won't happen again.
Hey, what are you talking about?
I know it was late. I mean, you have every right to be mad, but...
This is a punishment that I can't afford.
Punishment? What do you mean?
What do you think? I'm taking all this out of your paycheck.
Isn't it?
No. Consider this your employee uniform collection.
All on the company.
Wow. I didn't know being your secretary came with such good perks.
I mean, Mr. Croft, I'll work even harder now.
And then I'll never have to worry about my wardrobe ever again.
You know, you're quite the character.
Hello. Awesome. Thank you, Matt.
Mr. Croft, my friend is here again.
Who's Matt?
Hey.
Hey. You know how much you hated cold?
You read my mind.
And... I made you dinner.
Awesome. Thank you.
Let's go home.
So how was your day?
Pretty good.
Yeah?
Yeah. I'll go.
I got a bonus.
Really?
Yeah.
At least lives with another man.
Got you this time.